[docs] Fix link to build section of RRDiagram (#2643)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/README.md

   ```

   _Note: Alternatively, you can manually build the jar file as described in the [build

>    section](https://github.com/yugabyte/RRDiagram#build) of the `RRDiagram` repo (and move/rename

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   section](https://github.com/yugabyte/RRDiagram#build) of the `RRDiagram` repository (and move or rename
```

>    the resulting jar from the target folder)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the resulting JAR file from the target folder)._
```
